
Quiz Level Dynamic Selection
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The goal for mathquiz is to keep quizes interesting by providing
challenging questions matched to the user's ability.

That means there shouldn't be too many easy questions: If a user gets
a certain type of question right nearly all the time, don't ask it as
often as others.

That means questions that are hard for the user should be asked more
often: If a user misses a certain type of question more often than
others, it should be asked more often than others.

However, all available question types should come up in quizes often
enough that if the user starts regressing in a type of question it
will get picked on. Hopefully this refreshing will keep users from
regressing on question types in the first place.

In order to be able to pick questions based on the user's history, the
quiz needs access to the user's history. So, when a new quiz is created,
we'll provide the user's history as a parameter to the new quiz object.

Question Level Dynamic Selection
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Just going by question type isn't the best that can be done. Within
question types, there can be a lot of variation. For example, 1+2 is
a easier than 1231 + 4314, and counting by 2s is easier than counting
by 9s.

Eventually question types should have their own way of scoring the
difficulty of their questions. It could be one dimension, or it could
be more than one. For example, count-by questions could have the
dimensions:
 - amount to count by
 - number of iterations to count

And addition might have just the dimension:
 - number of digits in operands

Or addition could eventually include:
 - operand type: fractional, decimal, whole, negative, complex..
 - operand type mixing: mix fractional and decimal, etc.

Users may be good at one of those dimensions but not the other, and
when generating questions, the quiz should be able to adjust the
dimensions individually in order to come up with appropriately
difficult questions.
